Document ownership panel in file view & search (#49452)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/own/index.md

Read more on how to [manually ingest CODEOWNERS data](codeowners_ingestion.md) into your Sourcegraph instance.

The docs detail how to use the UI or `src-cli` to upload CODEOWNERS files to Sourcegraph.

## Browsing ownership

The ownership information is available for browsing once ownership data is available through [a CODEOWNERS file](#code-ownership).

When displaying a source file, there is a bar above the file contents.

*   On the left hand side, it displays the most recent change to the file.

> *   On the right hand side it displays the Own bar with at most 2 file owners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   On the right hand side it displays the Own bar with at most 2 file owners. Any additional number of owners is also displayed.
```

![File view showing own bar on the right hand side above the file contents](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/docs/own/blob-view.png)

After clicking on the Own bar, a bottom panel appears listing all the owners.

![File view with the ownership tab selected in the bottom panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/docs/own/blob-view-panel.png)

> There is always a single rule in a CODEOWNERS file that determines ownership (if any). Next to each of the owners listed in the bottom panel, there is a description: _Owner is associated with a rule in a CODEOWNERS file_. This description links to the line containing the responsible rule in the CODEOWNERS file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is always a single rule in a CODEOWNERS file that determines ownership (if any). Each owner listed in the bottom panel has a description found by clicking the collapsible arrow: _Owner is associated with a rule in a CODEOWNERS file_. Clicking this description links to the line containing the responsible rule in the CODEOWNERS file.

If any email information has been found for the owner, clicking the mail icon will  start an email to them. 
```

## Ownership search

Code ownership is a first-class citizen in search. Ownership can be either a query input or a search result:

*   `file:has.owner(user@example.com)` keeps only the search results associated with given user (here referred to by e-mail).
*   `-file:has.owner(@username)` removes all results owned by specific user (here referred to by name).

Ownership predicate can also be used without parameters:

*   `file:has.owner()` will only include files with an owner assigned to them.
*   `-file:has.owner()` will only include files without an owner.

> When performing a search a `select:file.owners` makes the query return owners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing a search the `select:file.owners` predicate will return the owners for the result of that search.
```
